introduced workflows.md which gives a general overview of the differe… (#28)
ITISFoundation/ti-planning-tool-manual: docs/background/electromagnetic_modeling/quantities_of_interest.md

To assess the quality of a TI exposure condition, three key metrics have been defined:

* M1 - target exposure strength (**strength**): the median of T<sub>max</sub> in the target,

> * M2 - exposure selectivity (**selectivity**): the signal to noise ratio, so the ratio of the root mean square (RMS) of the target T<sub>max</sub> and the mean off-target T<sub>max</sub> squared,

Reviewer: **M2 (selectivity) definition does not match the implementation.**

I cross-referenced with the actual code in [`oSparc/ti-solutions` → `field_evaluator/field_modulations_util.py`](https://git.speag.com/oSparc/ti-solutions/-/blob/master/packages/field_evaluator/src/field_evaluator/field_modulations_util.py):

```python
rms_roi = find_rms(field_in_roi)            # sqrt(mean(x²))
rms_brain_wo_roi = find_rms(field_in_brain_wo_roi)
snr_target = (rms_roi / rms_brain_wo_roi) ** 2
```

So M2 = **(RMS_target / RMS_off-target)²**, i.e. the *squared ratio* of the RMS values. The current wording is ambiguous — "the ratio of the RMS … and the mean off-target T<sub>max</sub> squared" can be parsed multiple ways, mixes "RMS" with "mean", and it's unclear what "squared" applies to.

```suggestion
* M2 - exposure selectivity (**selectivity**): the squared ratio of the RMS of T<sub>max</sub> in the target to the RMS of T<sub>max</sub> in the off-target brain, i.e. (RMS<sub>target</sub> / RMS<sub>off-target</sub>)²,
```
